# Secure-Data-Transfer-with-Multi-Layer-Security-using-Different-Enc-Standards-and-Steganography
Even with the present technology in cyber security, the protection of data is still a big challenge. Especially when the data is stored in advanced pictures such as QR codes and barcodes. The information stored in QR codes can easily be read with the help of barcode scanners. The weakness of correspondence of such advanced pictures has become a critical issue these days, specifically when the pictures are communicated through uncertain channels where the information in the advanced pictures is vulnerable to leak. Picture encryption procedure ought to be planned in a manner that works on the adequacy of correspondence and keeps up with the information safe and secure from an assault of adversaries over the insecure channel. However, encryption only suffices the purpose of confidentiality in this case, what if the data is altered and the receiver is not able to validate the integrity of information stored in the advanced picture.
In this project, we focus on adding multiple layers of security on QR codes to achieve confidentiality and integrity. Multiple layers of security involve a hash watermark and hiding the QR code in a Steganographic image. Further, encrypting the image with different encryption standards, then transferring the image over the cloud between servers in a more secure way. Our approach for multiple layers of security is based on symmetric encryption and steganographic theories.

================================================================================================================================================================

#This code is written in python3 
#To RUN the code simply, "python3 script.py" 
